Get/Set Proposal (#73)
GraphBLAS/graphblas-api-c: graph-api-c/query_methods.tex

\subsection{Get and Set methods}

The methods in this section query and, optionally, 
set internal fields of GraphBLAS objects.

%-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\subsubsection{{\sf get}: Query the value of an object}

\paragraph{\syntax}

\begin{verbatim}
    GrB_Info GrB_get(GrB_<OBJ> o, <type> value, GrB_Field field);
\end{verbatim}

\paragraph{Parameters}

\begin{itemize}[leftmargin=1.1in]

>     \item[{\sf OBJ}] ({\sf IN}) An existing, valid GraphBLAS object (collection, operation, type) which is being queried.

Reviewer: Should we call it `operator` instead of `operation`?
```suggestion
    \item[{\sf OBJ}] ({\sf IN}) An existing, valid GraphBLAS object (collection, operator, type) that is being queried.
```

                                To indicate the global context, the constant {\sf GrB\_Global} is used.
    \item[{\sf value}] ({\sf OUT}) A pointer to or {\sf GrB\_Scalar} containing a value whose type is dependent on {\sf field} which will be
                                 filled with the current value of the field. {\sf type} may be {\sf int32\_t*}, {\sf size\_t*},
                                 {\sf GrB\_Scalar}, {\sf char*} or {\sf void*}.
    \item[{\sf field}] ({\sf IN}) The field being queried.
\end{itemize}

\paragraph{Return Value}

\begin{itemize}[leftmargin=2.1in]
\item[{\sf GrB\_SUCCESS}]  The method completed successfully.
\item[{\sf GrB\_PANIC}]             unknown internal error.
\item[{\sf GrB\_OUT\_OF\_MEMORY}]          not enough memory available for operation.
\item[{\sf GrB\_UNINITIALIZED\_OBJECT}]          the {\sf value} parameter is {\sf GrB\_Scalar} and has not been
                                    initialized by a call to {\sf new}.
\item[{\sf GrB\_INVALID\_VALUE}]    invalid value type provided for the field or invalid field.

> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: Should we add `GrB_INVALID_OBJECT`? If the object `o` is "exceptional", one may be able to get more details by calling `GrB_error` on it. Also, if `value` is `GrB_Scalar` that is "exceptional", could it also result in `GrB_INVALID_OBJECT`?

Reviewer 2: I'm away from my keyboard but if I recall, all of my functions can return GrB INVALID OBJECT.

\paragraph{Description}

Queries a field of an existing GraphBLAS object.
The type of the argument is uniquely determined by {\sf field}.
For the case of {\sf char*} and {\sf void*}, the value can be replaced with {\sf size\_t*}
to get the required buffer size to hold the response.
Fields marked as hints in Table~\ref{Tab:Fields} will return a hint on how best to use the
object.

%-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\subsubsection{{\sf set}: Set field of an object}

> Set the content for a field for an existing GraphBLAS object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the content of a field for an existing GraphBLAS object.
```

\paragraph{\syntax}

\begin{verbatim}
    GrB_Info GrB_set(GrB_<OBJ> o, <type> value, GrB_Field field);
    GrB_Info GrB_set(GrB_<OBJ> o, void *value, GrB_Field field, size_t voidSize);
\end{verbatim}

\paragraph{Parameters}

\begin{itemize}[leftmargin=2.1in]

>     \item[{\sf OBJ}] ({\sf IN}) The GraphBLAS object which is having {\sf field} set.

Reviewer: "which" here doesn't match the strict style that "which" is used in the rest of the document. Options:
- use "that" instead
- rephrase such as "The GraphBLAS object for which the field is being set".
